chore: relocate proposals, update README (#73)
WICG/digital-identities: README.md

# Digital Identities

> - [Digital identities spec](https://wicg.github.io/digital-identities/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Digital identities draft spec](https://wicg.github.io/digital-identities/)
```

So that we set the expectation that this is just simply an early draft?

This incubation is attempting to specify an API for user agents that would mediate access to, and representation of, verifiably-issued digital identities.

> These identities can range from government-issued documents, such as driver's licenses and passports, and potentially other credentials types in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These identities can range from government-issued documents, such as driver's licenses and passports, to start with, to other credential types, potentially in the future.
```

> The [Digital Identities API](https://wicg.github.io/digital-identities/) builds upon [Credential Management](https://www.w3.org/TR/credential-management-1/) standard to enable the secure and private exchange of digital identity information. It facilitates authenticated interactions by representing digital identities through the `DigitalIdentity` interface, which embodies verifiable claims about an individual's identity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Digital Identities API](https://wicg.github.io/digital-identities/) builds upon the [Credential Management standard](https://www.w3.org/TR/credential-management-1/) to enable the secure and private exchange of digital identity information. It facilitates authenticated interactions by representing digital identities through the `DigitalIdentity` interface, which embodies verifiable claims about an individual's identity.
```

## Scope

> This project covers the requesting mechanisms for digital identities, including secure presentation aspects. It does not encompass the issuance process for establishing a digital identity or UI/UX considerations beyond privacy aspects related to data protection during the request process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project covers the requesting mechanisms for digital identities, including secure presentation aspects. It does not include the issuance process for establishing a digital identity nor UI/UX considerations beyond privacy aspects related to data protection during the request process.
```

> This project covers the requesting mechanisms for digital identities, including secure presentation aspects. It does not encompass the issuance process for establishing a digital identity or UI/UX considerations beyond privacy aspects related to data protection during the request process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project covers the requesting mechanisms for digital identities, including secure presentation aspects. It does not encompass yet the issuance process for establishing a digital identity or UI/UX considerations beyond privacy aspects related to data protection during the request process.
```

> This project covers the requesting mechanisms for digital identities, including secure presentation aspects. It does not include the issuance process for establishing a digital identity nor UI/UX considerations beyond privacy aspects related to data protection during the request process.

Author: ```suggestion
This project covers the requesting mechanisms for digital identities, including secure presentation aspects. It does not ye encompass the issuance process for establishing a digital identity nor UI/UX considerations beyond privacy aspects related to data protection during the request process.
```
